Add harmonic interpolation for FV diffusion kernel. (#21928)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/fvkernels/FVDiffusion.md

where $\vec{n_f}$ is the surface normal on each side of the element considered.

The diffusion coefficient can be interpolated to the surface using two approaches:

- +Simple arithmetic average:+ $D_f = w_1 D_1 + (1-w_1) D_2$ (with $D_1$, $D_2$ being the diffusion
  coefficient in the neighboring cells respectively)
- +Simple harmonic average:+ $D_f = \frac{1}{\frac{w_1}{D_1} + \frac{1 - w_1}{D_2}}$, which yields better results
  if the diffusion coefficients are positive and discontinuous. This is due to the fact that this scheme preserves
  flux continuity in the face-normal direction on orthogonal grids.

The interpolation method can be set using the [!param](/FVKernels/FVDiffusion/coeff_interp_method) parameter,
and is defaulted to `harmonic` due to its superior accuracy for discontinuous diffusion coefficients.
Simple tests cases with discontinuous diffusion coefficients (see below)
indicate that using harmonic interpolation yields a second-order accurate

> scheme for orthogonal and 1D meshes and close to second-order (~1.8) accurate scheme for slighly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scheme for orthogonal and 1D meshes and close to second-order (~1.8) accurate scheme for slightly
```

Author: Awww, I have no idea how this slipped out, thanks for noticing! I'll squash this in in a minute.

Author: I downloaded a spellchecker to vscode and it noticed two more typos besides this, crazy.

> scheme for orthogonal and 1D meshes and close to second-order (~1.8) accurate scheme for slightly

Reviewer 2: this 1.8 is coincidental, dont mention it
close to second order seems good enough

where $\vec{n_f}$ is the surface normal on each side of the element considered.

The diffusion coefficient can be interpolated to the surface using two approaches:

- +Simple arithmetic average:+ $D_f = w_1 D_1 + (1-w_1) D_2$ (with $D_1$, $D_2$ being the diffusion
  coefficient in the neighboring cells respectively)
- +Simple harmonic average:+ $D_f = \frac{1}{\frac{w_1}{D_1} + \frac{1 - w_1}{D_2}}$, which yields better results
  if the diffusion coefficients are positive and discontinuous. This is due to the fact that this scheme preserves
  flux continuity in the face-normal direction on orthogonal grids.

The interpolation method can be set using the [!param](/FVKernels/FVDiffusion/coeff_interp_method) parameter,
and is defaulted to `harmonic` due to its superior accuracy for discontinuous diffusion coefficients.
Simple tests cases with discontinuous diffusion coefficients (see below)
indicate that using harmonic interpolation yields a second-order accurate

> schems for orthogonal and 1D meshes and close to second-order (~1.8) accurate scheme for slighly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scheme for orthogonal and 1D meshes and close to second-order (~1.8) accurate scheme for slightly
```

Reviewer 2: the 1.8 is likely tied to the example mesh. 
I bet with a different skewing we get more or less

non-orthogonal meshes. At the same time, using a simple arithmetic average for the inteprolation of
discontinuous diffusion coefficients yiels a first order scheme.

!alert note
Unless specified otherwise using the [!param](/FVKernels/FVDiffusion/force_boundary_execution) or
[!param](/FVKernels/FVDiffusion/boundaries_to_force)
parameter, this kernel is not executed on variable boundaries. Unless a boundary condition is

> specified instead, this is equivalent to specifying a zero diffusive flux through the boundary.

Reviewer: This documentation is not accurate. If there is a Dirichlet boundary condition on a boundary, then this flux kernel is indeed executed

Author: Okay, I just changed the parameters so the users can clink on them. I'll slightly modify the text as well then.

Reviewer: Haha I know you are not responsible for this inaccuracy (at least in this PR ... I haven't run `git blame` on it)
